Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Based on the novel "Die Damalstür" by
The Door
What are you waiting for, Daddy?
We were going to CatCh butterflies!
- Mom will be home soon.
- Please! Please, Daddy!
- Leonie, I have to piCk
something up and then we'll play, okay?
Quiet! Siesta!
Don't be afraid, Mr. Butterfly.
Where have you been all week?
I was working, for an exhibition.
I thought you'd gone away.
I sleep during the day.
Gia...
We just had sex a few times.
Come on.
I didn't think
it would be a regular thing.
Asshole!
Leonie?
5 years later
Maja?
Can I...?
- No, you Can't. I warned you!
Maja, please!
What do you want?
What do you want to hear?
"I forgive you, David?"
Does that sound okay?
No...
No?
"I forgive you that our daughter died
'Cause you fuCked the neighbor?" Right?
Feel better now?
Now get out of my life.
- Maja, please...
Why Can't you just leave her alone?
You love her, too!
"You've reached Maja and Edgar.
We're not home right now.
Please leave a message
after the beep."
Maja...
I will never bother you again.
No more visits, no more calls.
And I'm...
Yes... I am very sorry.
What are you waiting for, Daddy?
Nothing anymore.
Daddy!
Breathe!
Max, what are you doing here?
Maja Called me.
She was worried.
You'll stay in our guest room tonight.
- No, thanks.
It wasrt a question. Your self-pity
won't work with me, AndernaCh.
How's your family?
I enrolled the boys into a soCCer Club.
It's Crazy. 3- and 4-year-olds
playing soCCer, that's a sight!
22 of those dwarfs on the field
and twiCe as many parents on
the sideline shouting their hearts out.
I'm not gonna hang myself
in the toilets.
Quiet! Siesta!
Are you hurt?
Don't tell Mom!
She told me to tie my laCes.
No...
No, no, no!
Daddy?
Go to your room, Leonie.
What are you playing?
- Go to your room!
Be a good girl.
Hello?
- It's me.
Maja?
- Where were you? I Called earlier...
We're playing in the garden.
I couldn't get rid of
the pharmaceuticals rep. I'll be late.
When?
- As soon as I'm done here.
Could you watch Leonie on Friday, too?
They need me here at the pharmacy.
Not if it's too muCh...
- No, no.
I'll be here.
Okay. See you later.
See you.
Everything alright?
Yes, I was just looking at you.
Is Leonie upstairs?
Could you get her?
We have a guest.
He was in front of me at the supermarket
and Couldrt pay for his beer.
A glass?
- No, thanks.
There. Say stop.
- Stop!
What's with your video installation
for the bank?
The board hated it.
I told them I studied with the famous
David AndernaCh. They werert impressed.
Don't worry, at his last exhibition
his art dealer
introduCed me as "his wife".
He Can't remember my name.
We are just your shadows.
Nonsense.
- Says the sun!
What happened?
- She fell off her bike.
Your daddy should buy you a helmet.
- He's not my daddy.
It's nothing serious.
- Say that again!
Just wait till she's 15!
Tell me about it, sweetheart.
Where did you get that graze?
Does it hurt?
Do you feel dizzy?
Let's talk about it tomorrow.
If you're ready.
Even if you're angry with Dad,
don't say things like that, okay?
Well, it's not finished yet.
SinCe when
do you justify your paintings?
I don't know.
I'm sorry about what happened today.
I should've told you.
So what did happen?
I sColded her
beCause she tripped
over her shoelaCes.
Then she was whiney,
wanted to watCh TV,
and I didn't let her.
Why would she say something like that?
No idea. BeCause she's mad at me?
You know what she's like.
I yelled at her. I'm sorry.
We struggle from one day to the next.
You know that.
And Leonie senses it.
I thought
we were fine.
- SinCe when?
You admit a few old affairs
and everything's fine?
Yes.
I need Gregor's ex-wife's number.
I want to invite her on Saturday.
Saturday?
Your birthday party.
Right. Yes.
It's on your mobile.
It's got to be here somewhere.
I'll find it, okay?
Quiet! Siesta!
Just kidding.
You gave me a fright this afternoon.
Crashing head on into that truCk.
You prefer not to talk?
O h well,
talking to myself is niCe, too.
Right, Siggy?
Sure, Siggy.
Cheers!
No. No presents, please.
See you on Saturday. Ciao.
David?
You wanted to give me the number.
- I Can't find my mobile.
Hello?
Who is this?
You're using my husband's mobile.
Just a moment.
I Called your mobile.
AndernaCh?
You lost something yesterday.
Who is this?
O pen your door and wave.
I haven't told her yet.
Come over.
Three o'CloCk?
Yes, that's fine. And thanks.
It was on the sidewalk outside
the gallery. I'm meeting her in town.
You're early.
- Yes.
Something's different about you.
People Change.
- In 24 hours?
Yes. The mobile?
Thanks.
Where are you going?
- Home. - Wait!
What about us?
- I have a family.
And you don't want to hurt them.
- ExaCtly.
Sleep with me.
I just told you...
- Sleep with me.
We're soul mates. Don't you feel that?
- No.
Sleep with me!
O r I'll tell your wife.
What did you say?
- How are you going to stop me?
Say it.
Say what?
- Say you'll sleep with me.
Now.
No.
Then why are you still here?
Go and say thank you.
Thank you.
CatCh, mommy!
Can I have a go?
Could I get a Coffee?
Sure, I'll make you one.
With milk, or iCe Coffee?
She makes a great iCe Coffee.
- Surprise me.
You want one too, Mommy?
- Yes.
If I didn't love you so muCh,
I'd smaCk you in the faCe.
I'm not Cheating on Maja.
- So why Creep out of that house?
Can you keep a seCret?
- Spare me your bedroom stories.
Max, Can you keep a seCret?
I don't know where to start.
This whole thing's Crazy.
The old David had a fling with her.
And you're the new one?
I'm not the David you know.
I'm five years older.
The day before yesterday in 2008
I found a tunnel leading up to a door
and behind it was... here.
Everything was alright again.
Leonie was alive, and Maja...
Are you making fun of a drunk?
- It's the truth, Max! Look at me.
I'm five years older.
I dyed my hair. Look at me.
And where's the younger David?
It was an aCCident.
I buried him in the garden.
Where else?
Listen.
Be an asshole, ruin your family,
but spare me this bullshit.
I know your sons' names.
Max, I know your future wife.
Soon you'll be in great demand.
People will buy your work.
It'll be shown at the "DoCumenta".
What are they Called?
- Who?
My sons.
The little one Caspar,
the bigger one FriedriCh.
You're the best liar I know.
I'm not lying, Max.
It won't get any better than that.
See you next time.
You must be Leonie's father.
Say hello to Maja.
Certainly not.
What's your musiC teaCher like?
Is he niCe?
He's awful.
Learning to play the flute is awful.
Playing the flute is awful, too.
How about a deal? I get a hug, and
you don't have to go
to musiC Class again.
Mommy deCides that.
But I Can talk to her.
You said one.
I don't Care. I don't want to go there.
No,
we'll talk about it tomorrow.
- Hi, David.
Hello, Susanne.
How are my two beauties?
I'll show you how it's done. Ready?
Max already showed me.
- Did he?
Right, you take the rubber band,
hook it up there,
pull on it with all your might,
and then... release it!
It stinks!
I Can't smell anything.
Maybe a mole
had to go to the toilet.
Your daddy is funny.
- He's not my daddy.
So who am I?
A monster?
And now Leonie.
Leonie doesn't dare.
I'm not afraid of you.
- There's no need to be.
That's a new one, right?
Can I have one?
The last one I smoked was just
before my pregnanCy test. - Yes...
I remember.
That's good.
Is that really how you see us?
No.
I mistrusted you for so long.
I have to get used to it again.
What are you reading?
CZECH FAIRY TALES
What did you do to daddy?
I saw blood.
O h, that.
We were fighting for fun
and then he got a nosebleed.
So daddy's still alive?
Yes, of Course.
Where?
Far away.
Can I Call him?
Can I write him a letter?
Do you know what a guardian angel is?
Are you one?
All fathers are.
They proteCt their daughters.
That's their job.
But your father didn't do his job.
He wasrt there when it mattered.
That's why I traded plaCes with him.
I'm like him, only...
Better?
I'll try.
Why didn't he say goodbye to me?
I think he was too ashamed.
"But now let me pose you a riddle
so you Can have a little fun again.
How about this one: 'In through
one hole, out through two,
and only onCe you're outside
you're truly inside."'
There it is!
Good night, Daddy.
Good night.
"Warily, the prinCess looked at Andres.
'What happens if I Can't solve it? '
'Nothing, unless you give me a kiss."'
I love you...
Blow!
What?
- MagiC!
Happy Birthday!
- Thanks.
Are you happy?
Thanks for the invitation.
You're welCome.
The Greves have to go home to relieve
the babysitter. Can you see them out?
David, I wanted to...
It was an aCCident.
Who the hell are you?
I tried to explain, Max.
Does Maja know?
Max, wait!
You killed David.
- I am David!
I'm going to talk to Maja.
- Max, I...
She has to know who you are.
You're a murderer!
That should have been your job.
That asshole wanted to betray you.
Come on!
Don't touCh him!
You're not gonna bury him in the garden
again like some amateur? Come on!
O r are you waiting
for your wife and daughter to Come out?
I hate moments like this.
You never know what to say.
It looks niCer here in the daytime,
with sunshine and birds Chirping.
He was going to betray you.
It was the only way and you know it.
Maja?
- Where were you the whole time?
Just a moment.
- DanCe with me, Come on!
Go home, will you?
- Hey, what's wrong with you?
Listen to me. We're in danger.
Put on your Coat.
I'll get Leonie.
ExCuse me.
Let her sleep.
- We have to get out of here.
- Why?
Trust me. Come on.
David!
Where are you going?
I Can't explain now. Wait... here.
Wait till we're on the other side.
What other side?
- Maja, please.
I'm just trying to proteCt you.
- From what?
A few steps.
That's all I ask of you, okay?
Careful, Careful.
We're almost there. Come on.
Mommy, I'm Cold.
Me, too.
Daddy just wants to show us something.
You Can run wherever you like.
I'll find you and shoot you.
Here or on the other side.
There's no going baCk for anyone.
What was that about last night?
I had to take Max home beCause
he'd had it but he wanted to party on.
And then...
Well, he talked me
into smoking a joint with him.
Was I really out of it?
Don't pretend you Can't remember.
What were we doing in that tunnel?
And where did you get that injury?
You were totally paniCking.
You sCared the hell out of me.
I was high, Maja, I'm sorry.
I will never smoke a joint again.
I'm going to kiCk Max' ass for that.
But wait till he's sober again.
My heating pipes are Causing trouble.
I need someone to hold the ladder.
Can I borrow him, Mrs. AndernaCh?
- No problem.
- Thanks.
Come on, we have to talk. Please.
Something to drink?
CognaC, gin, Jägermeister?
Lemon?
- I don't want a drink.
Relax!
Soundproof walls.
SinCe I got here
I Can't sleep more than 4 hours tops.
I never Could stand the sight of blood.
Even as a kid.
And my dad was a butCher.
Ah well, fuCk it.
There's always a CatCh.
Want me to tell you how I Came over?
A few weeks ago
I was granted a day off from prison.
Failure to file bankruptCy, assault,
parking tiCkets, bla bla... 8.5 years!
I felt like
CheCking out my old life, so I walked
through my patCh and saw the tunnel.
Then I realized there are two worlds.
And this one's 5 years earlier.
I thought: "That's great!"
I left all the Crap behind.
Now I live off of sports betting.
There's a fortune in it
when you know the results.
And the other you?
- You know how it works.
I didn't want to kill him.
Your buddy
was absolutely right about one thing:
We are murderers.
It's the priCe we pay for our happiness.
The fuCking admission fee, so to speak.
We have all paid this priCe.
"We"?
- We.
How many are we?
We are plenty.
Do you think you're the first one
who Can't handle the stress?
Who's got trouble adjusting?
HomesiCkness, guilty ConsCienCe...
I've seen it all.
Some wanted to go baCk straight away,
some wanted to spare
their predeCessors,
some wanted to go to the Cops...
You're no exCeption.
They're all buried
in the forest next to your buddy.
Cheers.
Mom, Can I eat at Nele's?
RiCe pudding with Cinnamon!
They held their breath, I had to!
Sure, riCe is healthy.
- Shall we go to the playground?
Yes!
Careful Crossing the street!
I owe you one.
- Susanne? Wait a moment!
What's up?
Nothing. I just wanted to say hi.
Is Leonie going to play with Nele?
- I'm Cooking for them.
Call me when you're done.
I'll piCk her up.
Does he want to be father of the year?
See you later.
Pull yourself together!
I Can't do this!
Put the sand on it.
I'm hungry.
- Me too.
Faster!
Stay here!
Go in! David!
What happened?
- No! Stay here!
You're hurting me!
I want to go home.
What happened?
- Susanne and Paul are dead.
Sit down, and stay there.
Who are you Calling?
- The poliCe.
O kay, Calm down first. Talk to me.
A man and woman who looked like
Susanna and Paul... they killed them.
I saw it!
- I believe you.
- Then don't tell me to Calm down!
Don't do it.
What were we doing in that tunnel?
Hang up.
- O r what?
Don't touCh me!
Mr. AndernaCh, Mrs. Wiegand Claims
you are detaining her daughter Nele.
No! Come on!
You sit down! Stay here!
My little Nele!
Come to me, Nele!
Don't touCh her!
Let her go!
Let go of me!
- Easy, now!
- They killed Susanna and Paul!
Don't go with her, she's not your mom!
Look at her eyes!
Look into her eyes!
Do something! Get her baCk!
Do something, please!
Bring her baCk.
Mr. AndernaCh, you should
keep a Closer eye on your wife.
Until now, we haven't had
any trouble in this neighborhood.
Hello?
It's me. Maja.
Can we talk?
Hello, David.
What do you want?
The same as you.
Where I've Come from,
my daughter is dead.
And here she's alive.
I want to be with her.
With both of you.
You always wanted me to forgive you.
Let's make a new start.
Don't worry, Mom.
Nele has got better parents now.
The other ones had to go,
beCause they didn't take Care of Nele.
Who told you that?
Don't be angry with him.
I like him more than my old daddy.
Do you know where the old Daddy is?
Far away.
- Where?
Where you Can't Call him
or write him a letter.
That's not neCessary. I just want to see
my daughter, not sCare anyone.
Sooner or later his hysteriCal wife
will betray us.
She's not like us, David.
She's different than us.
Don't do this to Leonie.
- I am her mother!
David, it's your fault I lost her.
Don't stop me from getting her baCk!
You talk too muCh.
- Wait!
O kay, I'll do it.
Good.
Then you Can start showing us
that we Can trust you.
That you're a good neighbor.
Here.
Five minutes.
It's been a long time!
Don't worry, I've Changed.
The woman I used to be
is just a bad memory now.
I'm really sorry for what I did
to you baCk then. It's wonderful
that Leonie is fine now.
Maybe you two Could Come for Coffee?
Who are you?
Your husband.
- Liar!
Listen to me!
They'll kill you, Maja.
They'll take Leonie away from you.
With your help.
No.
I know what you did.
But he forgot about you.
They'll kill you, Maja.
Please believe me. You have to leave.
You have to go to the other side.
Trust me... trust me.
There is a better world for you two.
Where are we going?
It's a surprise, okay?
Are you Coming too?
Come on!
He Can't do it.
Don't be Crazy! Hand over Maja!
Neighbor!
Stop them!
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
O nly David is inside!
Please!
Run!
There she is.
Get out of my way!
No!
Shit!
Subtitles
Alex ZuCkrow
DVD subtitling: CNST, Montreal
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org